remove production server config (#396)
SuffolkLITLab/docassemble-AssemblyLine-documentation: docs/automated_testing.md

1. Go through the same steps as for GitHub-triggered tests above.
1. Make a new branch on the same GitHub repo.

> 1. A repo or org admin should [create a GitHub secret](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets) called `CONFIG_CONTENTS`. For its value, the admin should copy and paste your server's config. This should not be the production server's config. No one will be able to see these values after you leave the secret's page, not even the person who made it. Note, whenever you change the server's config, you'll want to update `CONFIG_CONTENTS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A repo or org admin should [create a GitHub secret](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets) called `CONFIG_CONTENTS`. For its value, the admin should copy and paste your **testing** server's config. Using your production server's config is a security risk. No one will be able to see these values after you leave the secret's page, not even the person who made it. Note, whenever you change the server's config, you'll want to update `CONFIG_CONTENTS`.
```
